Adding error page and future vision page to Neon Authorize (#2394)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/neon-authorize-troubleshooting.md

---
title: Neon Authorize Troubleshooting
subtitle: Common issues and solutions when using Neon Authorize
enableTableOfContents: true
---

> This page covers common errors you might encounter when implementing Row-level Security policies with Neon Authorize and your authentication provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers common errors you might encounter when implementing Row-Level Security (RLS) policies with Neon Authorize and your authentication provider.
```

---

> ## Password authentication issues

Reviewer 2: I'd much rather have the error message as the "indexable" thing here. I think it makes a lot more sense for people to just have a list of "possible errors" and then immediately be able to read information about that error.

This is how the original google doc that I wrote is structured.

Author: got it - fixed

- Ensure that the `kid` field in your JWT matches at least one key from the JWKS URL.
- Check that the role name in your connection string matches either `anonymous` or `authenticated`.

**Helpful Links:**

- [Introduction to JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/introduction/)
- [JSON Web Key (JWK) Specification](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7517)

---

## Permission denied

If you encounter a permission denied error, you might see the following message:

```sql
NeonDbError: permission denied for table X
```

This error typically indicates that you haven't yet granted the necessary permissions to the `authenticated` and `anonymous` roles.

**Solution:**\
Run the following commands to grant permissions:

For existing tables:

```sql
GRANT SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE ON ALL TABLES
IN SCHEMA public
TO authenticated;

GRANT SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE ON ALL TABLES
IN SCHEMA public
TO anonymous;
```

For future tables:

```sql
ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES
IN SCHEMA public
GRANT SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE ON TABLES
TO authenticated;

ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES
IN SCHEMA public
GRANT SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE ON TABLES
TO anonymous;
```

<Admonition type="note">

> Neon Authorize promps you to run these commands when you first set up your authentication provider in the Authorization UI. If you're using a different database, you will have to run these commands manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neon Authorize prompts you to run these commands when you first set up your authentication provider on the Neon Authorize drawer in the Neon Console. If you're using a different database, you will have to run these commands manually.
```

</Admonition>

---

> ## Invalid RSA signing algorithm

Reviewer 2: Again, I'd prefer to have the raw actual error message that people might receive.

The way I intended this page to be used is almost like a "reference" – people come in with an error message and they just want to know what to do.

Author: done!
